In this video I'll explain the different automation levels that can be enabled on a distributed resource
scheduler cluster.
The first automation level is called manual mode and manual mode is often the first step taken when
you create a IRS cluster manual mode is going to provide you with recommendations but it's not going
to take any automated actions.
It won't Wii motion virtual machines without asking you.
It won't place virtual machines on host says a power on automatically.
It will simply provide you with a list of recommendations that you can choose to manually carry out.
When virtual machines are powered on it will also provide you with what's called an initial placement
recommendation.
The initial placement is a recommendation that tells you here is the ideal host to run this virtual
machine on as it's powered on.
So that's manual mode and that's a great way to get a feel for what D.R. S is going to do.
What is de-risk going to recommend.
And you can try that before fully automated Garrus
and partially automated mode.
We're actually going to start to let dealers make some decisions for us.
It's going to primarily operate the same way as manual mode in that it will not automatically Wii motion
any running virtual machines.
However on initial placement when you power on a virtual machine DNS is going to automatically select
the ideal host and power up the virtual machine there.
Finally fully automated mode work completely allowing DRM to take over virtual machines can be moved
from host to host using the motion automatically and without any input from the administrator.
Now the administrator can adjust the level of sensitivity.
So how frequently do we want these virtual machines to move most of the time.
You should leave it at the default setting but if you want virtual machines to only move in the most
dire circumstances you can adjust that sensitivity down.
When virtual machines are powered on initial placement occurs automatically they're automatically placed
on the ideal host.